Created dev-manual and user-manual for login-backend (#10)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/login-backend/README.md

# Login Backend
This Markdown file contains all necessary informations for developers about the Login Backend repository.

## Requirements

> - Go https://go.dev 1.16 or higher
> - GoLand: https://www.jetbrains.com/go/ for running start scripts in IDE
> - Docker / Docker desktop: https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop to build and run as docker container
> - (Postgres database)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Go](https://go.dev) 1.16 or higher
- [GoLand](https://www.jetbrains.com/go/) as IDE
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to run docker containers
- ([Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) to build and run docker containers graphically)
- ([Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) database)
```

## Starting with this repository
First, make sure Goland knows your Docker path: Check in 
`Files -> Settings -> Build, Execution, Deployment -> Docker`  

> If in the left coloumn is no Docker registered, add Docker by clicking the top left add Button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If in the left column no Docker is registered, add Docker by clicking the top left add Button. The system Docker (suggested by default) should suffice.
```

export JWT_KEY=secretKey

go generate
go run github.com/prisma/prisma-client-go migrate deploy # When there is new database scheme, it needs to mirgrate
go run .

```

### From Dockerfile
You need to run your own postgres database.

#### Build docker image
```sh
docker build -t login-backend .
```
#### Start container
```sh
docker run --name login-backend -p 4000:4000 -e "POSTGRES_URL=postgresql://postgres:password@localhost:5432/postgres" -e "JWT_KEY=secretKey"
```

## Migrating the database
When changes to the database are made, you can create a migration by running
```sh
POSTGRES_URL=postgresql://postgres:password@localhost:5432/postgres go run github.com/prisma/prisma-client-go migrate dev --name $MIGRATION_NAME
```
inside the project root dir.\
To apply all pending migrations, simply run
```sh
POSTGRES_URL=postgresql://postgres:password@localhost:5432/postgres go run github.com/prisma/prisma-client-go migrate deploy
```
inside the project root dir.

## JWT (Json Web Tokens)
To encode a JWT, a secret key is needed. 
This secret key needs to be stored under the environment variable `JWT_KEY`.

## Go-Swagger

> This Rest-API uses Go-Swagger. So the `swagger/swagger.yml` is the base of the rest api. You find documentation about the swagger.yml here: https://swagger.io/docs/specification/basic-structure/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Rest-API uses Go-Swagger. So the `swagger/swagger.yml` is the base of the rest api. You find documentation about the _swagger.yml_ [here](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/basic-structure/).
```

> After changes were made in `swagger.yml` file you should run `go genrate` that the files will be generated. With the generated objects you can work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After changes were made in the `swagger.yml` file you should run `go generate` so that the files will be generated. You can work with these generated objects.
```
